Chore: CPU warning help (#317)
nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint: docs/usage/FAQ.md

        on their websites, redistribution and automatic parsing of this info needs their permission. We currently use
        [WikiChip](https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/WikiChip) as our main source, which encompasses approximately 1400 models.
        Our current hope is that the new [MIT processor database](https://processordb.mit.edu) will solve this question in the next few months.
    2. Naming of CPU models is inconsistent. Sometimes the true model name ("Model X 1000") is appended with
        extra information ("Model X 1000 @10MHz"), slightly changed ("Manufacturer - Model X 1000"), or hidden ("M1"). While
        we are working on accounting for all these cases, it's not a trivial problem to solve.
    3. Cloud providers somtimes use custom processors that are not publicly listed.
    
    <br>
    **💡 Solution**

    So you encountered a warning like this:
    ```
    [WARN] Could not find CPU model "Model X 1000" in given TDP data table. Using default CPU power draw value (100.0 W).
    ```
    As previously mentioned, all information we need should be out there somewhere, just ask your friendly neighborhood

>     internet search provider about the TDP of your model. Once you know the TDP and the number of cores you can either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As previously mentioned, all information we need should be available online — the TDP of your model should be easy to find with a quick search. Once you know the TDP and the number of cores you can either:
```
